so listen here's the deal this is what
we should do you should get off the
train with me here in Vienna and come
check out to them what they'll be fine
all right it can be like this um job
ahead ten twenty years and you're
married only your marriage doesn't have
that same energy that I used to have we
start to think about all those guys
you've met in your life and what might
have happened if you picked up with one
let me give me back nine years ago
two strangers met by chance and spent a
night in Vienna that ended before
sunrise
[Music]
they are about to meet for the first
time since I can't believe you're here
why I live here in Paris I wanted to
talk to you for so long we got more than
there now they have one afternoon to
find out if they belong together I
remember that night better than I do
entire years do you look any different
I do I need to see you naked let's get
on that boat come on over
is the path it was meant to be that way
what you really believe that I have
these dreams I'm in the car and a buddy
of mine is driving me downtown and I'm
staring out the window and I think I see
you what does it mean the right man the
law of your life the concept is absurd
the idea that we can only be complete
with another person is evil right
I'm just happy to see you even if you've
become an angry manic-depressive
activist I still like it
I still enjoy being around you
and if somebody were to touch me I would
dissolve into molecules see if he stood
together if you dissolve into molecules
am i doing what if you had a second
chance with the one that got away
[Music]